utilizar el comando diff -u
para poder comparar dos archivos
diferentes para poder encontrar 
problemas

diff muestra las diferencias entre
dos archivos por medio del simbolo - y +
indicando cual es la diferencia entre 
los dos archivo comparados.

Q: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make
you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

A: if I have access to old versions of my program I easily could return and 
correct some problem for change something that don't suppose to be change, in this way I'll save precious time.

Q: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when 
to create a commit, like you do in Git vs having versions automatically saved,
like Google docs does?

A: If the version automatically saves, avoid the risk of lose everything on a
faliure of the system, in the other hand, it's very probable that the system
saves to many versions that may not containt an importan change.

when you save manually a version you are saving, what you think is an important
change in the version, in this way you controls.

the cons on this is that you could save too many or too few versions, make the
work of searching a version more difficult

Q: why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving 
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file
separateley?

A: version control systems like Git were design with multifiles manipulation
on mind, to help developers in their job 

Q: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of
files?

A: with the command git log I can search a commit or view all the commits on
the repository, and to compare two different commits I use the command 
git diff commit_id_1 commit_id_2

Q: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes
that could break something?

A: with the version you could find quckly the lines that cause the problem

Q: Now that you have your workshop set up,what do you want to try using Git for?
A: for some microcontrollers projects

